Recognized Text From chunk_0
box recording.
Recognized Text From chunk_1
all LibriVox recordings are in the pub.
ving nothing to do.
Recognized Text From chunk_1
once or twice she had peeked into the book her sister was reading but it had no pictures or conversations in it and what is the use of a book so that Alice without pictures or conversations.
Recognized Text From chunk_2
so she was considering her own mind as well as she could for the day made her feel very sleepy and stupid weather the pleasure of making a daisy chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies when suddenly a white rabbit with pink eyes ran close by.
Recognized Text From chunk_3
there was nothing so very remarkable in that no did Alice think so very much out of the way to hear the rabbit say to itself dear oh dear I shall be too late.
Recognized Text From chunk_4
open the rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat pocket and looked at it and then hurried on I was started to her feet weren't flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat pocket or watch to take out of it and burning with curiosity she ran across the field after it and was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit hole under the Hedge in another moment down went Alice after it.
Recognized Text From chunk_5
the rabbit hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way and then dip suddenly down so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down what seemed to be a very deep well.
Recognized Text From chunk_6
either the world is very deep or she fell very slowly but she had plenty of times she went down to look about her.
Recognized Text From chunk_7
first she tried to make out what she was coming to but it was too dark to see anything.
Recognized Text From chunk_8
then she looked at the sides of the well and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and bookshelves here and there she saw maps and pictures hung up on pegs she took down a jar from one of the shelves and she passed it was labeled orange marmalade but to her great disappointment with empty she did not like to drop the jar so she managed to put it into one of the cupboards and she fell past it.
Recognized Text From chunk_9
down down down with the phone never come to an end there was nothing else to do so Alison began talking to herself.
Recognized Text From chunk_10
Dino miss me very much tonight I should think dining with the cat.
Recognized Text From chunk_11
I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time Dynamite Arrow wish you were down here with me.
Recognized Text From chunk_12
Alice felt that she was dozing off when suddenly dumped down She Came Upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves and the fall is over.
Recognized Text From chunk_13
I was just not a bit hurt and she jumped up in the moment she looked up but it was all dark overhead before her with another long passage and the White Rabbit was still inside hurrying down it there was not a moment to be lost away with Alice like the wind and was just in time to hear it's say it's she turned a corner oh my ears and whiskers how late it's getting.
Recognized Text From chunk_14
she was close behind it when she turns the corner but the rabbit was no longer to be seen.
Recognized Text From chunk_15
she found herself in a longbow Hall which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging from the roof.
